Express.js is a simple and powerful web framework for Node.js. 
It helps you build websites and APIs quickly and easily

simple language:
Node.js is kitchen
Express.js is the waiter it takes requests from customers 
(users), tells the kitchen (Node.js) what to do, and 
then brings back the response (like food)

What does Express do?
Handles routes (URLs like /home, /about)
Manages requests and responses (what the user sends and what they get back)
Makes it easy to send HTML pages, JSON data, or files
Use middleware small functions to handle things like logging, security, or error handling

What is middleware?
Middleware is like a helper function that sits in the middle of your app 
between the request and the response.

simple term
You visit a coffee shop and order a coffee:
You = user (request)
Barista = the final route/handler (response)
Middleware = steps in between: checking your ID, stamping your loyalty card, etc.

In Express, middleware:
Runs before the final response is sent.
Can change the request, add data, check something, or even stop the request if needed.

why expressjs?
nodejs provides http module where user will send request and we have to send response.
but if u have to build a web application it wii not work simple req res thing
you wiil not say hey server and server will not say hello world.
We build website where we have multiple types of requests where u requesting for image,
,data or requesting home page or contact page or data of user etc
that means u send a perticular request for perticular end points
so for different types of response which u need u have to send different types of request
and on server side there are different functions available and that function will be execuated when
u send that type of request to handle that its good to use "frameworks" where express js is fast
and provide minimum feautures that can build amazing website

to know more about expressjs visit offficial expressjs.com

fast unopinionated(it will allow  us to do whatever we want)
some of frameworks they provide their own basic features they will say do like this,
do like that whereas expressjs says do what u want.

latest version is 5.1.0

lets create a basic application
create app.js file nd start coding
npm init -y in terminal, npm nodemon 
in package.json below scripts
"start": "nodemon nameoffile",